Have you noticed that videos that contain falling snow and paper clips celebrate it look bad?
At one point there are volatile things in the air inside the video,
The quality of the video you see is suddenly deteriorating.
You can notice this speech in this stunning clip that has been throwing 200 kilos of scraps of paper
In the song Ed Sheeran in the program X-Factor British
Ok, if you know and understand the techniques of compressing videos you can go and watch another video.
You are the only one who does not know the pressure: let's talk about the frequency of bits.
By the way if this is not clear, I am not in Norway.
I could have looked for real snow or bought a load of holiday scraps,
But this way I can do my experiments using the controlled digital effects.
Plus I will not need to clean anything after testing.
Ok, to sum up the problem with one sentence:
There are only a lot of units and expanse (mean 1.0 binary digital counting system)
In the days of traditional televisions, the videos were not compressed.
The principle of her work was: the camera reads and clears the signal,
Then they are transported via air,
Your TV was showing the signal again.
And yes yes, it was standard
But everything and every detail the camera picks up is brought to you and displayed by your TV.
This is quite a thing since the number of television stations then was limited and limited
Literally they were transported through the air.
This waste and waste is not necessary
The reason why a digital TV has a large number of channels and stations,
The reason why online videos are already working,
Is pressure.
If you try to move every pixel in HD video with perfect quality,
You will need a speed of up to 1 gigabyte per second via a cable,
This super speed exceeds the rate of 100 combined US broadband connection,
Or more than 50 times the rate of North Korean broadband connection combined.
So if you want YouTube to work: the amount of data and bitrate,
Should be reduced.
The first step is normal, normal pressure of images.
All images published on the Internet are compressed,
The basis of this pressure is by getting rid of small details that most likely will not notice the eye's absence.
At least they will not be observed unless they are filmed and republished
Twenty times by twenty users in Instagram !.
You can take every frame in the video
Then apply this pressure mechanism to all of them.
The second step is compressing overlapping video frames.
Unless there is a big change in the scene, what is the need for a full frame storage?
As long as the changes can be stored alone only between the tires?
In the end I speak and background simple and ordinary background,
Therefore, it is not necessary to send new background data at a time.
All you have to do is tell the video player to replay what was already
Or if I move a little and I speak,
Just tell the operator to move the pixel set slightly to the right,
There are some changes in color here and there.
This is a way to reduce a video that needs 1 gigabyte per second
To something you can run on your phone:
It's all maths and numbers. Lots of math.
But I think the explanation of using Idealism is better:
I will lower the bitrate for this video,
Ie the number of zeros and units per second used in video encoding.
And yes True YouTube will play this rate after I upload it to the site,
But can not return any details to the section
So even if you're watching the video at the best possible quality,
What you see now remains a limited version.
This rate is 200 Kbps,
Two hundred thousand and one zero flow through the wire every second.
Do not show bad and bad using modern methods in coding,
Maybe some details of my face or my hair or the movements of my hand,
Yet you can still see what is going on.
But now let's put a little snow.
Suddenly, these bits were not exploited and all consumed on me.
Instead they are exploited and consumed to track volatile objects around me.
These volatile things are chaotic and continue to change direction, it is complicated,
So moving these pixels here will not work
Let's put the holiday clips, too, this time around.
Here we are, everything started to crumble
The more objects that move in the frame,
More clips
This led to the spread and dissipation of these two hundred thousand bits
More clips!
No matter how the encoder tried to improve the details of faces and degree of skin,
It can not because there are no spare batches. More clips! More snow!
Now even if you raise the bitrate,
And raised the quality to the best possible,
However, it will not be clear now.
Do not know why I scream! I'll add the sound of the wind later.
Actually it's not about the clips themselves. But on the movement.
If we freeze all these things in the air,
We made it a background:
During the following seconds,
The quality of the video will return.
This is why the image is cluttered when your favorite team wins and the holiday scraps are thrown!
Literally, videos are no longer as I used to.
Translation: Fares Shehadeh